docs/slides.adoc, before:

= asciidoctor-revealJS-klipse example slides
:copyright: Timothy Pratley
:license: Eclipse Public License http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html
include::slide.attrs[]


[state=title]
== Interactive slides with Klipse example

Welcome!

Press "?" for help.

Press the "right arrow" key to move to the next slide.

[NOTE.speaker]
This text will only show in the speaker view mode.


== ClojureScript

[source.eval-clojure, clojure]
(+ 1 2)

TIP: Try changing the numbers in the top box.
The answer in the bottom box is evaluated immediately.


== JavaScript

[source.eval-javascript, javascript]
1 + 2

NOTE: Multiple languages are supported by Klipse


== HTML

[source.eval-html, html]
<svg>
  <circle fill="blue"
          r="20" cx="50" cy="50" />
  <circle fill="green"
          r="20" cx="200" cy="50" />
</svg>

TIP: Try changing one of the colors


== What is Klipse?

An interactive client-side code evaluator.

Turns `<pre><code> ... </code></pre>` snippets into a live editor,
with beautiful syntax highlighting.

Supports many languages.

Perfect for blogs... and slides!

See the https://github.com/viebel/klipse[Klipse github repo, role="external", window="_blank"].


== What is AsciiDoctor?

A powerful toolchain for publishing.

Better than markdown:

* Target multiple formats (html/pdf/book/slides)
* Tables, figures, tip/warn/note, table of contents

See https://asciidoctor.org/[Asciidoctor, role="external", window="_blank"] for more information.


== What is RevealJS?

A modern HTML slide presentation framework.

Features include:

* Speaker notes and full screen
* Transitions
* And much more

Read more on the https://revealjs.com/[RevealJS website, role="external", window="_blank"].

== Putting it all together...

This presentation is a template project for creating your own presentation.

Get the source:

https://github.com/timothypratley/asciidoctor-revealjs-klipse[asciidoctor-revealjs-klipse github repository, role="external", window="_blank"].

Commit message:

Fixes vertical slides style conflict #4

docs/slides.adoc, after:

= asciidoctor-revealJS-klipse example slides
:copyright: Timothy Pratley
:license: Eclipse Public License http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html
include::slide.attrs[]


[state=title]
== Interactive slides with Klipse example

Welcome!

Press "?" for help.

Press the "right arrow" key to move to the next slide.

[NOTE.speaker]
This text will only show in the speaker view mode.


== ClojureScript

[source.eval-clojure, clojure]
(+ 1 2)

TIP: Try changing the numbers in the top box.
The answer in the bottom box is evaluated immediately.


== JavaScript

[source.eval-javascript, javascript]
1 + 2

NOTE: Multiple languages are supported by Klipse


== HTML

[source.eval-html, html]
<svg>
  <circle fill="blue"
          r="20" cx="50" cy="50" />
  <circle fill="green"
          r="20" cx="200" cy="50" />
</svg>

TIP: Try changing one of the colors


== Vertical Slides

Press the down arrow to go down in the vertical stack.

=== You made it

Great!


=== Scrolling inside a vertical slide

What is Lorem Ipsum?
Lorem Ipsum is simply dummy text of the printing and typesetting industry. Lorem Ipsum has been the industry's standard dummy text ever since the 1500s, when an unknown printer took a galley of type and scrambled it to make a type specimen book. It has survived not only five centuries, but also the leap into electronic typesetting, remaining essentially unchanged. It was popularised in the 1960s with the release of Letraset sheets containing Lorem Ipsum passages, and more recently with desktop publishing software like Aldus PageMaker including versions of Lorem Ipsum.

Why do we use it?
It is a long established fact that a reader will be distracted by the readable content of a page when looking at its layout. The point of using Lorem Ipsum is that it has a more-or-less normal distribution of letters, as opposed to using 'Content here, content here', making it look like readable English. Many desktop publishing packages and web page editors now use Lorem Ipsum as their default model text, and a search for 'lorem ipsum' will uncover many web sites still in their infancy. Various versions have evolved over the years, sometimes by accident, sometimes on purpose (injected humour and the like).


== Scrolling

What is Lorem Ipsum?
Lorem Ipsum is simply dummy text of the printing and typesetting industry. Lorem Ipsum has been the industry's standard dummy text ever since the 1500s, when an unknown printer took a galley of type and scrambled it to make a type specimen book. It has survived not only five centuries, but also the leap into electronic typesetting, remaining essentially unchanged. It was popularised in the 1960s with the release of Letraset sheets containing Lorem Ipsum passages, and more recently with desktop publishing software like Aldus PageMaker including versions of Lorem Ipsum.

Why do we use it?
It is a long established fact that a reader will be distracted by the readable content of a page when looking at its layout. The point of using Lorem Ipsum is that it has a more-or-less normal distribution of letters, as opposed to using 'Content here, content here', making it look like readable English. Many desktop publishing packages and web page editors now use Lorem Ipsum as their default model text, and a search for 'lorem ipsum' will uncover many web sites still in their infancy. Various versions have evolved over the years, sometimes by accident, sometimes on purpose (injected humour and the like).


== What is Klipse?

An interactive client-side code evaluator.

Turns `<pre><code> ... </code></pre>` snippets into a live editor,
with beautiful syntax highlighting.

Supports many languages.

Perfect for blogs... and slides!

See the https://github.com/viebel/klipse[Klipse github repo, role="external", window="_blank"].


== What is AsciiDoctor?

A powerful toolchain for publishing.

Better than markdown:

* Target multiple formats (html/pdf/book/slides)
* Tables, figures, tip/warn/note, table of contents

See https://asciidoctor.org/[Asciidoctor, role="external", window="_blank"] for more information.


== What is RevealJS?

A modern HTML slide presentation framework.

Features include:

* Speaker notes and full screen
* Transitions
* And much more

Read more on the https://revealjs.com/[RevealJS website, role="external", window="_blank"].

== Putting it all together...

This presentation is a template project for creating your own presentation.

Get the source:

https://github.com/timothypratley/asciidoctor-revealjs-klipse[asciidoctor-revealjs-klipse github repository, role="external", window="_blank"].
